JS Learning Area: update guidance on const and let (#10421)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/first_steps/a_first_splash/index.md

let resetButton;
```

This section of the code sets up the variables and constants we need to store the data our program will use.

Variables are basically names for values (such as numbers, or strings of text). You create a variable with the keyword `let` followed by a name for your variable.

> Constants are also used to name values, but unlike variables, you can't change the value that they name. In this case we are using constants to store references to parts of our user interface. The text inside some of these elements might change, but each constant always references the same HTML element that it was initialized with. You create a variable with the keyword `const` followed by a name for the constant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Constants are also used to name values, but unlike variables, you can't change the value once set. In this case we are using constants to store references to parts of our user interface. The text inside some of these elements might change, but each constant always references the same HTML element that it was initialized with. You create a variable with the keyword `const` followed by a name for the constant.
```

Reviewer: i realize that if it's pointing to an object, you can change values within the object, but not the object that it is pointing too. I just think at this point in the tutorial, this exception is confusing and "value that they name" may be confusing for n00bs.

Reviewer: and it's addressed in the next file!
